src/content/projects/pdlc-scalable-ai-agent-workforce-workflow-automation.md, before:

---
title: PDLC Scalable AI Agent Workforce & Workflow Automation
slug: PDLC-Agents
date: 2026-02-14T17:41:00.000-05:00
featured_image: /images/uploads/untitled-drawing.png
tags:
  - Agentic AI
  - PDLC
  - Multi-Agent Systems
  - Product Management
is_featured: true
example_url: https://github.com/james-pilkington/PDLC-agents
---
Designed as an experimental "force multiplier," I engineered a digital workforce of specialized AI agents interacting in concert to handle end-to-end Product Development Life Cycle (PDLC) flows. By integrating custom LLM logic with external API triggers, I created a system capable of complex, sequential handoffs.

The workflow begins with a **PM Agent** handling research and discovery, which passes specs to a **Dev Agent** for implementation. This triggers simultaneous downstream actions: a **QA Agent** performs continuous 24/7 testing, while a **PMM Agent** generates launch-ready marketing assets. While not intended to replace human oversight entirely, this project demonstrates how guardrail-guided AI can solve repetitive tasks, creating a continuous operational loop that dramatically reduces lead time.

Commit message:

Update Portfolio Projects! “pdlc-scalable-ai-agent-workforce-workflow-automation”

src/content/projects/pdlc-scalable-ai-agent-workforce-workflow-automation.md, after:

---
title: PDLC Scalable AI Agent Workforce & Workflow Automation
slug: PDLC-Agents
date: 2026-02-14T17:41:00.000-05:00
featured_image: /images/uploads/pdlc-agent.png
tags:
  - Agentic AI
  - PDLC
  - Multi-Agent Systems
  - Product Management
is_featured: true
example_url: https://github.com/james-pilkington/PDLC-agents
---
Designed as an experimental "force multiplier," I engineered a digital workforce of specialized AI agents interacting in concert to handle end-to-end Product Development Life Cycle (PDLC) flows. By integrating custom LLM logic with external API triggers, I created a system capable of complex, sequential handoffs.

The workflow begins with a **PM Agent** handling research and discovery, which passes specs to a **Dev Agent** for implementation. This triggers simultaneous downstream actions: a **QA Agent** performs continuous 24/7 testing, while a **PMM Agent** generates launch-ready marketing assets. While not intended to replace human oversight entirely, this project demonstrates how guardrail-guided AI can solve repetitive tasks, creating a continuous operational loop that dramatically reduces lead time.



The system is built on a modular Python architecture where specialized agents operate with distinct personalities and toolsets. I architected a custom orchestration layer that allows these agents to share context via JSON states while executing autonomous tasks. From writing code to local files to generating go-to-market strategies. The framework uses OpenAI's API for reasoning, Serper API for google search, and Netlify for deployment. Wrapped in custom tooling definitions that enable the agents to interact with the development environment directly.
